okay so so far this would be a review of
the vine sweeper okay so to begin with
alright so basically there's going to be
a game very similar to what most viewed
call minesweeper now if you've never
played minesweeper it's on every basic
microsoft computer pretty much but
basically what you do is you clear an
area and you search for the mines well
in this case you're searching for the
different you know where the plants are
so what you have is three basic
functions you have the dig function and
inspect in a flag the inspect allows you
to know what's in the hole the dig digs
the whole if you notes and there's not
see there and the flag will mark if
there's a seed which will get you more
points okay so in this basically you try
to do that and so when you inspect it
proves your chances of whether you'll
find a seat or not hopefully you will if
that you just keep on going around and
looking alright so basically what's
going on so far is I found one flag and
you get points so many points for
whichever one it is now you see the
numbers they're the ones and twos so
basically the one marks like how many
seeds are in the area of it the
tool-mark that there's two seeds within
the area so basically if you've never
played minesweeper that's how it works
otherwise you should know how to do this
okay so basically it's really good to
inspect because it means you lose less
flags which means less money you stashed
should play this mine this little you
know quote unquote minigame and you know
you get more points and it's really good
with the group so basically what happens
is the google route which you get use it
on the rabbit over make them disappear
that go poof gone for so many minutes
and so another thing with the inspection
going back to that is that it will take
a few tries to actually get a successful
one or whether it'll say yes there's a
seed there no there isn't as you just
see just saw I
did a to flag client which got me both
of them seeds and so with that I get
more points or I could get less points
it's really just based upon their but
basically the farm will eventually check
it you should stay near it that way you
get the seeds but overall it's a pretty
easy minigame pretty catchy so here's
the rewards so I think the rewards are
good some people don't I like the fact
that you can get you know a 6 an easy
one kxp if you're that close to a farm
level within an hour and a half really
good seeds sweet corn strawberries
watermelons some really good herbs like
Rand ours and Coram's you got your bush
seeds not a whole lot of use out of them
but then you have really good trees you
have spirits plan you know all that but
then the best part is that you can trade
it in for XP and yeah you'll get the yes
to know whether you want to do it or not
but pretty much I think it's a really
good one and so yeah anyways that's
about my review for it I would give it
about a 8 out of 10 if you had to ask me
but I think overall this is one of the
best route like really releases this
year from jagex with you know Homer
lease on the trading system and you know
I didn't taking away Luke shares so
until they fix them this is a pretty
decent minigame to do in the meantime to
help your farming it up anyways that
teleport there will take you back to
where you entered which hopefully you
know you enter by talking to a tool
leprechaun and you just right-click and
tell apart but otherwise it's about it
anyways just sit back and watch and
enjoy the rest thanks
okay so i'm back i'm sorry i had to blow
my nose I'm sick but alright so in my
earlier thing you saw that you can get
about four to six thousand points in
every bout hour and a half it's actually
really good XP because considering that
you have to wait eight or so hours i'm
not the farming expert in my clan but
you can get that much XP in one hour it
cannot or more depending on if you have
a group or you're really good an
individual at minesweeper or just lucky
but pretty much i find it as it's a good
way to get that quick level and that XP
is really really useful if you're you
know one or two thousand XP away and you
know an hour and a half of you know
chillin with your clan or yourself or
whoever it's just a fun thing i prefer
doing it with a buddy or two or three
people than anything more really kind of
negates a lot of the good points that
you could get but otherwise yeah see you
next time